docs: Updating GDPR user removal flow, and procedure for obtaining user ID (#2555)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/removing-user-data.adoc

* An active `oc` session with administrative permissions to the OpenShift cluster. See link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/{ocp4-ver}/cli_reference/openshift_cli/getting-started-cli.html[Getting started with the OpenShift CLI].

WARNING: pass:c,m,a,q[+https:+//__<{prod-host}>__]/swagger/#/user/find_1 and pass:c,m,a,q[+https:+//__<{prod-host}>__]/swagger/#/user/remove endpoints are deprecated. 

> Information about new users is no longer stored in the PostgreSQL database. If the endpoints return `404` this means that there is no user entry in the database and the first two steps of the procedure can be safely skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[WARNING]: 
The `pass:c,m,a,q[+https:+//__<{prod-host}>__]/swagger/#/user/find_1` and `pass:c,m,a,q[+https:+//__<{prod-host}>__]/swagger/#/user/remove` endpoints are deprecated. 
Information about new users is no longer stored in the PostgreSQL database. If the endpoints return a `404` response, there is no user entry in the database and you can skip the first two steps of the procedure.
====
```

.Procedure

> . Get the __<username>__ user __<id>__ `id`: navigate to pass:c,m,a,q[+https:+//__<{prod-host}>__]/swagger/#/user/find_1, click btn:[Try it out], set *name*: __<username>__, and click btn:[Execute]. Scroll down the *Response body* to find the `id` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Get the __<username>__ user __<id>__ `id`:
.. Navigate to `pass:c,m,a,q[+https:+//__<{prod-host}>__]/swagger/#/user/find_1`.
.. Click btn:[Try it out], set *name*: __<username>__, and click btn:[Execute].
.. Scroll down the *Response body* to find the `id` value.
```

* An active `oc` session with administrative permissions to the OpenShift cluster. See link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/{ocp4-ver}/cli_reference/openshift_cli/getting-started-cli.html[Getting started with the OpenShift CLI].

> [WARNING]: 
> The `pass:c,m,a,q[+https:+//__<{prod-host}>__]/swagger/#/user/find_1` and `pass:c,m,a,q[+https:+//__<{prod-host}>__]/swagger/#/user/remove` endpoints are deprecated. 
> Information about new users is no longer stored in the PostgreSQL database. If the endpoints return a `404` response, there is no user entry in the database and you can skip the first two steps of the procedure.
> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[WARNING]
==== 
The `pass:c,m,a,q[+https:+//__<{prod-host}>__]/swagger/#/user/find_1` and `pass:c,m,a,q[+https:+//__<{prod-host}>__]/swagger/#/user/remove` endpoints are deprecated. 
Information about new users is no longer stored in the PostgreSQL database. If the endpoints return a `404` response, there is no user entry in the database and you can skip the first two steps of the procedure.
====
```

.Procedure

WARNING: pass:c,m,a,q[+https:+//__<{prod-host}>__]/swagger/#/user/find_1 and pass:c,m,a,q[+https:+//__<{prod-host}>__]/swagger/#/user/remove endpoints are deprecated. 
Information about new users is no longer stored in the PostgreSQL database. If the endpoints return `404` this means that there is no user entry in the database and the first two steps of the procedure can be safely skipped.

. Get the __<username>__ user __<id>__ `id`: navigate to pass:c,m,a,q[+https:+//__<{prod-host}>__]/swagger/#/user/find_1, click btn:[Try it out], set *name*: __<username>__, and click btn:[Execute]. Scroll down the *Response body* to find the `id` value.
// +
// [subs="+quotes,macros,attributes"]
// ----
// $ curl -X GET \
//   --cookie '_oauth_proxy=__<token>__' \
//   'pass:c,m,a,q[+https:+//__<{prod-host}>__]/api/user/find?name=__<username>__'

> // ----

Author: the curl commands are not supposed to work since API requests are stateful https://github.com/eclipse/che/issues/21419

> . Remove the __<id>__ user data that {prod-short} server manages, such as user preferences: navigate to pass:c,m,a,q[+https:+//__<{prod-host}>__]/swagger/#/user/remove, click btn:[Try it out], set *id*: __<id>__, and click btn:[Execute]. Expect a `204` response code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Remove the __<id>__ user data managed by {prod-short} server, such as user preferences: 
.. Navigate to `pass:c,m,a,q[+https:+//__<{prod-host}>__]/swagger/#/user/remove`.
.. Click btn:[Try it out], set *id*: __<id>__, and click btn:[Execute]. Expect a `204` response code:
```

> . Remove the __<id>__ user data that {prod-short} server manages, such as user preferences: navigate to pass:c,m,a,q[+https:+//__<{prod-host}>__]/swagger/#/user/remove, click btn:[Try it out], set *id*: __<id>__, and click btn:[Execute]. Expect a `204` response code:

Reviewer: Do you know if the 204 response always appears? Is it a verification that the removal was successful?

Author: yeah, if there is no user entry in the database 404 will be returned. (more details in the WARNING above)

Reviewer: got it. this info should then probably be formatted either as a verification step or an admonition but that can be done afterward.

. Remove the __<id>__ user data that {prod-short} server manages, such as user preferences: navigate to pass:c,m,a,q[+https:+//__<{prod-host}>__]/swagger/#/user/remove, click btn:[Try it out], set *id*: __<id>__, and click btn:[Execute]. Expect a `204` response code:
// +
// [subs="+quotes,macros,attributes"]
// ----
// $ curl -i -X DELETE \
//   --cookie '_oauth_proxy=__<token>__' \
//   'pass:c,m,a,q[+https:+//__<{prod-host}>__]/api/user/__<id>__'

> // ----

Author: the curl commands are not supposed to work since API requests are stateful https://github.com/eclipse/che/issues/21419
